guide(alwaysObtain): explanation for alwaysObtain (#180)
Garlic-Team/GCommands: guide/guide/questions/alwaysobtain.md

# What does the alwaysObtain option in commands do?

:::tip
`alwaysObtain` only affects message commands.
:::

> The `alwaysObtain` option does a simple thing. Arguments in the first message iniating the command do not count.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `alwaysObtain` option does a simple thing. Arguments in the first message initiating the command do not count.
```

> This example is too showcase in which cases `alwaysObtain` would be usefull:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example is to showcase in which cases `alwaysObtain` would be useful:
```
